Kieran is manda and today i'm doing a
hello kitty um halloween makeup tutorial
an outfit and hair and the hair is like
nothing is only this headband and that's
all and then the outfits super cute and
yes hello kitty on it it's not too much
and it's really cute I got it from Party
City and yeah and my makeup looks like
this and I think it's really cute and
this is what I'm being for halloween
with my friends Ava and Katie Katie
channels que dijo or fashionista 12 like
both of them kind of and then Ava's is
Mac maniac 14 so go check out their
channels and yeah let's get started
first I'm applying foundation and this
is my benefit some kind of gorgeous
foundation and media and I really really
like it and recommend it and I'm taking
my stipple brush and applying that all
over my face I'm also flying off my hand
just to add more product because the
stipple brush doesn't really apply that
much crowd and then i blend it out with
the stipple brush
make sure you blend down the foundation
Daniel 2 then i'm taking my Too Faced
candlelight setting powder and this is
translucent that's really good and I'm
find out with my big powder brush and I
recommend this powder as well
that just sets all your face makeup you
can work into Earth you want it then I'm
taking my benefit coralista box powder
and it's really good I'm just applying a
generous amount of that to the apples of
my cheeks and working it back to my
temples I got this blush recently and
really really love it then I'm taking my
Urban Decay primer potion in original
and I'm applying that my eyelids this
look is really simple and easy so I'm
pretty sure everyone can achieve it so
just apply that to your lips and blend
it all over and this just makes your
eyeshadow stay on all night then I'm
taking my mac eyeshadow and pink freeze
and this is a frost finish and I'm
taking the mat 252 large shader brush
and applying that to my eyelids and this
is really pretty all over lid color it's
really natural and shimmery and I love
it it's a really good brush to
so I just apply a generous amount of
that because you want to really talk
then I'm taking my Sedona lace hot pink
I shot our dental Cullerton but it's
from other palace but when I or um
ordered something from their website
they sent me three eyeshadows from three
of their palates and I really like this
is really pigmented i'm just applying it
to my crease with a fluffy crease / a
blending brush and i really really like
it a lot and it's really pretty
that's what it looks like
then I'm taking my Urban Decay I'm 24-7
glide on eye pencil in perversion and
his films packaging because I got it
yesterday and these products some of
these products will be included in a
birthday haul so yeah a little sneak
peak I guess and yeah I really like this
and I don't know if I said this but it's
in perversion and I really like it i
just applying that to my water lines and
my tight lines and I really really
really like this a lot and a twitter
proof so it stays on all day
and then just apply it to your tight
line then take your favorite mascara
mine is a burial from benefit I love it
so much i really recommend it and if you
don't have it and they're looking for a
new great mascara i really recommend you
checking this one out just apply that to
your top lashes then for my lips I'm
applying my tart natural lip um staying
in charm and I really like this lip
stain and it stays on all day work today
to school and when I got home it was
still on and i love it so much and it's
really moisturizing and wednesday and i
love it so much so if you don't really
like mint i wouldn't recommend it but i
recommend it to everyone if you don't
care how it smells but i really love it
a lot and recommended to everybody
then I have on this dress from Party
City it's really cute has hello kitty on
it and it came with this little headband
and that's all for the outfit and hair I
really hope you guys enjoyed my hello
kitty inspired makeup hair and outfit
tutorial and more will definitely be
coming soon please leave requests down
below and I'll socks later bye